yo hi
well I was just gonna personally say hi
great yeah hi hi right back at you
hi young looking forward to seeing you
tonight you ought to bring a condom
tonight cuz I think it's gonna be your
lucky night
great great brilliant that's oh yeah
Brennan's check so uh yeah we're gonna
recognize you
what do you be wearing wearing a huge
cleavage with it well no I'll be wearing
em a polo neck with a huge cleavage
underneath brilliant tits yes loving the
tits looking forward to seeing you you
and your rack I can't wait to check out
your rack your giant penis be lovely oh
great yeah tonight bye
Wow
well movies do I like it's a great
question
well movies do I like I like all the
diehards just Godfather's Girl
Interrupted I was just a girl
interrupted okay Matthew McConaughey
fucking love rates oh my god ohms for
notebook gay oh wow oh wow look at all
that chest hair hairs let's do this
let's do what lengthing do all the time
let's make the babies happen it's just
where the magic happens what that yeah
it's been used a lot
creaks did you shave tonight I'm really
looking forward I'm really looking
forward to living here I can't wait for
you two to find my clitoris
huh
you
what hi hey I'm not gay
that's not true I'm not gay I just want
to make that perfectly clear I like for
joiners I do not like penises unless I'm
not gay
thank you very much